And The Last Lecture I told you that you can create multiple instances and control different parts on
your page.
And that is true and that is absolutely fine.
This approach has one potential downside though what if you want to really use your view instance.
Right now we take control of or discard it and that's it.
All right we control that by idea and therefore we only control this part.
Now we could try to be clever we could create a new device where we have a class which is username and
then let's say I'll try to outpoured username here and on our copy this code added a second time and
I'll add a third instance down there and in this new instance I'll pass an object I'll control element.
Now select that with Dot username.
So by class not not not by id and in the data property I now try to set user name equal to max noti
hope would be to see Max twice here at the bottom of our page but if I hit Control enter We only see
it once and the second time we see call the braces username.
So the second day of year clearly it's not controlled by the future yes and that's the default and intend
behavior.
It will only select and control the first occurrence of this selector it finds.
So the first day of which is class therefore the second one is simply ignored a view instance can only
control one part of your code not multiple ones but there is a solution which actually allows us to
achieve what we want using components.
So let's take a look at components in the next lecture.